com/wix/RNCameraKit/gallery/permission/GalleryViewWrapper.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.permission.GalleryViewWrapper
com/wix/RNCameraKit/RNCameraKitZxingPackage.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.RNCameraKitZxingPackage
com/wix/RNCameraKit/gallery/GalleryView.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryView
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryView$1
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryView$GridLayoutViewManagerWrapper
com/wix/RNCameraKit/camera/CameraView.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.CameraView
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.CameraView$1
com/wix/RNCameraKit/gallery/GalleryAdapter.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryAdapter
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryAdapter$1
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryAdapter$1$1
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryAdapter$AbsViewHolder
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryAdapter$CustomButtonViewHolder
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryAdapter$Image
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryAdapter$ImageHolder
com/wix/RNCameraKit/gallery/permission/StoragePermissionRequestCallback.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.permission.StoragePermissionRequestCallback
com/wix/RNCameraKit/gallery/ResourceDrawableIdHelper.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.ResourceDrawableIdHelper
com/wix/RNCameraKit/gallery/permission/StoragePermission.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.permission.StoragePermission
com/wix/RNCameraKit/BuildConfig.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.BuildConfig
com/wix/RNCameraKit/camera/commands/Capture.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.commands.Capture
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.commands.Capture$1
com/wix/RNCameraKit/camera/barcode/RotateLuminanceSource.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.barcode.RotateLuminanceSource
com/wix/RNCameraKit/camera/commands/Command.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.commands.Command
com/wix/RNCameraKit/camera/permission/CameraPermission.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.permission.CameraPermission
com/wix/RNCameraKit/SaveImageTask.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.SaveImageTask
com/wix/RNCameraKit/camera/CameraViewManager.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.CameraViewManager
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.CameraViewManager$1
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.CameraViewManager$1$1
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.CameraViewManager$2
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.CameraViewManager$3
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.CameraViewManager$3$1
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.CameraViewManager$4
com/wix/RNCameraKit/gallery/NativeGalleryModule.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.NativeGalleryModule
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.NativeGalleryModule$1
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.NativeGalleryModule$1$1
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.NativeGalleryModule$2
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.NativeGalleryModule$Album
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.NativeGalleryModule$AlbumList
com/wix/RNCameraKit/gallery/TapImageEvent.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.TapImageEvent
com/wix/RNCameraKit/camera/barcode/BarcodeScanner.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.barcode.BarcodeScanner
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.barcode.BarcodeScanner$1
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.barcode.BarcodeScanner$ResultHandler
com/wix/RNCameraKit/gallery/SelectableImage.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.SelectableImage
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.SelectableImage$1
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.SelectableImage$1$1
com/wix/RNCameraKit/Utils.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.Utils
com/wix/RNCameraKit/DeviceUtils.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.DeviceUtils
com/wix/RNCameraKit/camera/permission/CameraPermissionRequestCallback.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.permission.CameraPermissionRequestCallback
com/wix/RNCameraKit/camera/barcode/BarcodeFrame.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.barcode.BarcodeFrame
com/wix/RNCameraKit/SharedPrefs.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.SharedPrefs
com/wix/RNCameraKit/camera/CameraModuleZxing.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.CameraModuleZxing
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.CameraModuleZxing$1
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.CameraModuleZxing$1$1
com/wix/RNCameraKit/camera/Orientation.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.camera.Orientation
com/wix/RNCameraKit/gallery/TapCustomButtonEvent.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.TapCustomButtonEvent
com/wix/RNCameraKit/gallery/GalleryViewManager.java
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryViewManager
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryViewManager$1
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryViewManager$2
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryViewManager$3
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryViewManager$4
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryViewManager$5
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryViewManager$6
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryViewManager$7
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryViewManager$8
 com.wix.RNCameraKit.gallery.GalleryViewManager$9
